Tom Phil thanks for joining us on fa TV
if we start on Sunday quite day for you
both you school eight girls beat arsenal
I'll Trafford and also both got called
into the England senior squad how did
that feel what was that like as a day
yeah well obviously a fantastic result
in a bit of a freak freak game to be
honest then I think air as the fifth
sixth seventh girls were going in it hit
become quite surreal it was just the
plays just playing and then later up
getting get in the car up was just a
really proud moment for me my family and
it's not around I dare to remember I was
a big game even though I still had a few
few key players out and few key players
that missing but you know we all we all
done well and that was a great moment
and an even better moment afterwards
when I heard that I got the call so it
was as a proud moment and I was pleased
and delighted and obviously it's an
honor to represent your country at any
level so no I'm just really pleased some
of this there's obviously five United
players here that could have been a tiff
you think of Michael Carrick Rio
Ferdinand and also danny you've got an
injury on Sunday what is it like at the
club to have so many English players who
could be representing the country
playing and training together every day
yes fantastic I mean it's such a great
vibe at the club at a minute and a lot
of youth and mixed in with experience
and there's a real feel-good factor
around the place and and ashes joined in
really well up there when we're all just
getting on great and and if we can bring
that into the England squad then that's
even better Phil you obviously joined in
the summer how's it been like settling
into the United squad and and has
knowing players like Tom and Danny from
from England days and under-21 does that
help you settle in yeah I think it was a
lot easier for me to to settle in and
know the move was obviously a big move
for me but knowing knowing the likes of
clubs Danny Welbeck and on a few of the
Chris small and you know is it was a lot
easier for me that all the lads made me
feel really welcome and i feel that
settled in really well now
I just don't ask about and Sir Alex
Ferguson to you both I mean start with
you Tom he's obviously a manager who has
a reputation of giving young players the
chances and he's doing it again this
season with so many players like like
the both of you here what's he like to
work with yeah brilliant you know bit of
clubbing about 10 years now and he's
brought me through you've team reserves
sent me on some great low moves and now
i'm back at the clubbin and that's been
a target all along really to play in the
first team so for me of adjusting Eamon
and yeah now he's giving me my chance of
hopefully I can repay him with some good
performances as soon as I knew that
United were interested it was it was
more or less a no-brainer for me I knew
the what great manager he was and all
the players that he's brought through
over the past years have been fantastic
and you know I was just really hoping I
could could work with them and
thankfully the deal went through and
around and focusing on this week and
with England the Wayne Rooney tweeted at
start the Wheatley was gonna babysit
some of the younger lads in the squad
but on a serious note how helpful has he
been in terms of telling you what to
expect and helping you kind of bed into
the senior squad that maybe could be a
daunting prospect for the first time
you're here yes he's he's weighing only
and eyes he's a good character is a
lively character but noise he's very
helpful he's his understanding certainly
made me feel welcome on international
level I'm a club duty it's a fantastic
play and you can only learn off as light
bar and it's great to have around Phil
you're on Twitter you're not on Twitter
I any any pressure from wine or anyone
else to join or REO sons yeah some
tweaks a Fiat that extends out I feel
like getting onto it just just then
firing back at Wayne Rooney were nice
seeing that good bunin but I'm not on it
yet and you've been able to play some
more golf how did you get on playing
against him here were away with England
compared with you might be saying is
babysitting I was but we're giving him
golf lessons on a golf course her and
went on for a couple weeks now I might
start charging him some you've obviously
been involved in a squad but not a match
when the game was canceled against
holland you he got to train with the
England squad but one of the stories
that came out that was a fairly comical
own goal in the the full sided match
what I mean what were you feeling at
that point yeah first of all I was got
again what Carl Duff and New York so I
had to leave on the on goal really and
this is cool ya know at least discarding
my first session but now just give tried
you rolling it back to rob green it's
come off my chin and ended up flying in
the nets are pretty embarrassing moment
for me friday night we've got bulgaria
away and what are the players expecting
from that game and what's the mood like
in training and team meetings and that
kind of thing around the camp as we
prepare for that game yes it's a good so
good vibe I mean everyone seems in good
form for the clubs and I'm sure it's my
first thing it be my first experience of
senior international football sir and
I'm expecting a quite hostile
environment and their funds will be up
for it and so will play is so expecting
a tough tests and so we're preparing
very very well and seriously funny we
all know that you know everyone's there
for a reason everyone's good enough
everyone's world-class players it's
about a collective and team spirit and
we all gel together to to hopefully go
and produce the goods on Friday night it
does help when batch of us come through
at the same time it just feels like yeah
you're out there you playing with people
you know you know their games inside out
and and i think at united is especially
we've just played with no fear and and
planing exciting football so if if we
can do the same with the england squad
then that'd be fantastic you know
there's not there's no fear there's just
the excitement and the enthusiasm to go
out there